the 2015 BC High School boys basketball
championships presented by Telus wrapped
up this past weekend at the Langley
Events Center after a grueling four days
featuring 64 teams and a total of 256
games only four were left standing at
the end of the tournament as it featured
one of the most exciting games played in
BC High School boys basketball finals
history in the 1a final it was an all
Kelowna matchup as the number two ranked
Immaculata Mustangs squared off against
third seeded Kelowna Christian Knights
the Knights used their size and strength
to rebound and outmatched the Mustangs
who were unable to find their scoring
touch as Kelowna Christian led from
start to finish and won by a final of 59
46 o inclu coast was named player of the
game and for Jesse Stewart was named
tournament MVP averaging 14 points in
over 18 rebounds a game for the Knights
we have some of the best garbage men out
there who will collect everything around
the hoop and and so we kept to that
theme we were just going to try to get
it inside and get it inside and see if
we could get those points and
defensively we really tried hard just to
rotate the ball rotate looked like the
defense what we were doing we played
this team often and and so they're used
to us so we just wanted to throw a few
hitches in there what we knew is our
last chance for a lot of us our last
basketball game from high school and
maybe our best of our lives so we used
to always leave it all out on the court
and just play our hearts out and finish
with the to a final featured last year's
finalists and top seed st. Michael's
University School blue Jags against the
underdogs Adel view Raiders the 11th
seed Raiders made it to the final on the
back of star guard wily uncle on who won
the semi final game with a steal and
layup with 4.4 seconds left against
Selfridge however in the final the blue
Jags proved why they're the top ranked
defense in BC to a basketball bolding
uncle on to just 15 points while getting
a big game from forward Jason Scully who
netted 22 points along with 16 from
tournament m-v-p Graham Hyde lay in a 66
40 final to finish off season our
defense has been great and I mean we
haven't the 40 points and that's a
pretty good offensive team and I mean we
pride ourselves on and once we once he
got out 15 20 we got pretty confident
because we know we can stop in the 3a
final it was one versus two as a sir
Charles Tupper Tigers took on the
fleetwood Park drag
both teams had no trouble getting past
our opponents throughout the tournament
setting up for an interesting matchup
between these two teams
the Tigers started off hot leading 21 to
6 at the end of the first quarter
the Dragons however showed their
ferociousness clawing their way back
down 9 points at half time and only 2 at
the end of the third quarter setting up
for a great finish
Travis Eriksson hit some clutch
three-pointers in the fourth quarter and
Emeco Okuma had a career night the
forwards scored 20 points along with 18
rebounds and 7 blocked shots as
Fleetwood Park came back to defeat
Charles Tupper 73-65 to capture the boys
3a final quarter I know last year's
early exit I knew I had to step up this
year being a given key contributors to
the team and I know I to stuff up in
order for us to get this victory today
it was crazy
throughout the whole experience and
especially to see this big crowd and all
of it all of them cheering for us it was
pretty special with three finals in the
books there was just one more to play
and there's no question that it lived up
to the hype the boys for a final was a
battle between the 8th ranked Terry Fox
Ravens and the Yale Lions from
abbotsford it was a back-and-forth game
early on as both teams evenly matched
with Yale going into the half up a point
thanks to a jack win bennett wore jumper
at the buzzer the third quarter saw the
lead change hands multiple times setting
up a down-to-the-wire finish bennett
wore the senior put the team on his back
making shot after shot and lay up after
layup including some pressure free
throws down the stretch as a 5th seed
Lions edged out the Ravens 69 63 in
front of 4876 fans at the LEC Bennett
boar finished with a game-high 44 points
one shy of the all-time career high in
BC boys basketball finals history that's
championship basketball you know coach
said it was gonna be tight at halftime
he says it's a one-point game it's not
gonna be much of a difference at the end
so you know we just had tough it out
rebound get two loose balls and that's
what it comes down to
Bennett bar was named player of the game
and tournament MVP there's no words in
the dictionary for this honestly like we
decided
we can describe it this is the biggest
moment of all of our lives and you know
BALCO means so much to all of us and you
know we're a big thanks to all the teams
for taking part in an entertaining four
days and congratulations to all the
winners of the 2015 BC High School boys
basketball championships for LEC TV I'm
Kevin berar
you